this is the time when the the best of
the year list start to pop up
Time magazine today unveiled their
Person of the Year for 2019 and that
person is Greta Thune bird the 16 year
old activist who's young is human ever
to be named person in the year and who
honored this young woman who's dedicated
her life thus far to saving our
environment time will cut down thousands
of trees to print 2 million copies of
the magazine you know Greta is a very
deserving recipient of this honor she's
an amazing kid and I have to hand it
though to our president he has yet to
throw a temper tantrum about this he's
on it he wasn't named but he's on his
best behavior unfortunately his namesake
Donny junior was not he wrote time
leaves out the Hong Kong protesters
fighting for their lives and freedoms to
push a teen being used as a marketing
gimmick how dare you and then he went
back underwater to strangle and
endangered dolphin this who do DJ TJ
cared so much about the protesters in
Hong Kong he's full of surprises
I do have to say though it's great that
Greta made the cover but in my opinion
the person of the year has to be this
guy this you might not know his face his
name's Bruno Cardenal he's a an
executive at an American restaurant
chain he is also the man responsible for
the popeyes chicken sandwich and the
sandwich that that brought us together
and tore us apart and then brought us
how did Bruno not at least make the top
5 no one's waiting in line for four
hours to get a Nancy Pelosi I will tell
you that Google today released their
most popular search of the year and this
is interesting they claim it wasn't porn
which I don't believe but the number one
search of 2018 on Google was Disney plus
the new streaming service that promises
to raise your children for you for $7 a
month
other top searches of the year were
Dipsy hustle the late hip-hop star
Antonio Brown the troubled wide receiver
and how do I do a gender reveal without
blowing up my house
meanwhile it has been another week of
headaches for job of the Trump he the
House Judiciary Committee started formal
debate on the articles of impeachment
tonight they're expected to yell at each
other late into the evening tonight and
for those who are unfamiliar with this
impeachment process which is most of us
this is how it goes after they debate
the house will presumably next week vote
on the articles of impeachment assuming
the vote is to impeach in which it will
be it will move to a trial in the Senate
the evidence presented to the Senate
will overwhelmingly suggest that the
president committed high crimes and
misdemeanors all the Republican senators
except Mitt Romney will ignore that and
vote to acquit Trump will stay in the
White House we'll watch the Super Bowl
and talk about the commercials and
that'll be that right yeah the president
was in Hershey Pennsylvania last night
eatin chocolate making friends and he's
moved on through a new phase of his
ever-changing defense of the
indefensible and that is yes I'm being
impeached but not like impeached
impeached this is the lightest weakest
impeachment here our country said
actually many of pizza do you call
judges and lots of many impeachment but
it was on today everybody said mrs.
impeachment light this is the lightest
impeachment in the history of our
country by far it's not even like an
impeachment yeah yeah no it's it's it's
exactly like an impeachment it's it's
and then it's an impeachment it's it's
not a diet impeachment it's a real you
are about to get impeached okay Trump
had a lot to say last night he was shot
out of a cannon so we slowed him down to
half speed for another edition of drunk
Donald Trump
oh that's a beautiful new ad look at
that how's that working out is that good
I love that once again today Republicans
lined up to win the president's loved
one in particular and I have a theory
about this I have a I have a big theory
this could blow the lid off a lot of
different things but today in the Senate
the Inspector General Michael Horowitz
appeared before the judiciary committee
this is a guy who wrote the report that
came out this week that said a lot of
things including that Obama never
wiretap Trump Tower as Trump has claimed
it debunked the president's claim that
the FBI investigation into his campaign
ties with Russia was a deep state hit
job it was not the Inspector General who
works for Trump by the way found that
none of these conspiracy theories are
true and found no evidence of another
GOP talking point that the infamous
steel dossier had anything to do with
the decision to launch the investigation
the steel dossier if you don't know it
sounds like a John Grisham novel really
it's just a 35 page report about how
Russia wanted the host of Celebrity
Apprentice to be our president so stay
with me here because it's about to get
good so this report ordered by Trump and
done by his people did not anyway back
up his crazy claims which is damaging to
him but that's where Senator Lindsey
Lohan Graham comes in Lindsey Graham put
on quite a show first he demanded to
know why investigators didn't tell Trump
his campaign was being investigated
maybe because his campaign was being
investigated and now how it usually
works but the man Graham did some
roleplay to diminish the report reciting
saucy text messages between FBI lovers
Lisa Paige and Peter struck March 3rd
2016 page god trump is a lo some human
struck oh my god
he's an idiot March 16 2016
I cannot believe Donald Trump is likely
to be actual serious candidate
President July 16th we're getting closer
to win this thing opens and while Donald
Trump is an enormous douche again a lot
of people agree yeah well yes I agree
with that and then Lindsey again
defending the president took his
performance to Heights previously unseen
in the Senate the first thing is about
the golden shower about the sexual
encounter that President Trump
supposedly had and a ritz-carlton hotel
in Russia oh thanks for reminding us
about that I almost forgot about it the
phone ringing was Trump going what the
hell are you talking about has anyone
ever mentioned a golden shower in
Congress before I don't think so Lindsey
Graham's point I guess was that the
parties involved in the investigation
were biased against Donald Trump they
didn't want him to be president which is
a crazy point to make because I can
think of someone else back then who
didn't want him to be President - he's a
race-baiting xenophobic religious bigot
I think he's a kook I think he's crazy
I think he's unfit for office he doesn't
represent my party
these are jackass Donald Trump is a
political car wreck at the end of the
day he would be the most flawed nominee
in the history of the Republican Party
Donald Trump is the most electable
Republican I've seen in my lifetime it
would be a terrible commander-in-chief
he doesn't have the temperament or
judgment he's not fit to be President in
United States we would get slaughtered
as a party if Donald Trump's our nominee
and quite frankly we would deserve it
well I guess I don't know I guess we
have a change of heart because Lindsey
one of the most outspoken critics of
Trump now he suckles at his teeth like a
baby goat it doesn't make any sense or
does it now you remember that anonymous
op-ed in The New York Times last year
and the book by anonymous that came out
last month and they never figured out
who wrote them and they still haven't
figured out who the whistleblower is
well I think I know the identity of
anonymous and the whistleblower they are
one person they are this man you know
how you make America great again tell
Donald Trump to go to hell and the
whistleblower our Senator Lindsey Graham
Lindsey Graham has been blowing
anonymously for years golden showers
golden Graham is what it is here's
another item of interest there are
reports now a reports that originated
with Politico that if elected Joe Biden
might only want to serve one term he's
77 years old and the rumored story is
that he's looking for a running mate he
could turn things over to because by the
end of his first term he'd be 82
basically he'd leave the presidency to
his running mate in his will is what the
plan is but Bryden says no he pushed
back on that story today and his
campaign denied it too but if you pay
close attention to this ad they just put
out there might be something to this
America is in crisis big problems
require big solutions we need a leader
to lead us for almost as long as it
takes
Joe Biden has been working hard for the
American people for years and is willing
to work a couple more I agreed that
everybody one stay in five is my time's
up onca you can count on Joe Biden to
get the first half of the job done I'm
Joe Biden and I'll say you know you're
you're my no heat bootie judge and I
approved the second
this may be okay we're not funny all
right
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you